allow libbacktrace to be used when cross compiling the runtime (#7917)
apache/tvm: docs/deploy/index.rst

.. image::  https://tvm.apache.org/images/release/tvm_flexible.png

Build the TVM runtime library
-----------------------------

.. _build-tvm-runtime-on-target-device:

Unlike traditional deep learning frameworks. TVM stack is divided into two major components:

- TVM compiler, which does all the compilation and optimizations of the model
- TVM runtime, which runs on the target devices.

In order to integrate the compiled module, we **do not** need to build entire

> TVM on the target device. You only need to build the TVM compiler stack on your 

Reviewer: we **do not** need to build the entire TVM project on the target device. Rather, we only need to build the TVM compiler stack on a host device and use that to cross-compile modules that can be deployed to a target device.

    cmake ..
    make runtime

Note that we type ``make runtime`` to only build the runtime library.

> It is also possible to cross compile the runtime. Cross compiling

Reviewer: It would be helpful to describe why you would want to cross compile the runtime.

Author: i added a few lines on that and also i added a diagram the visually describes the process, i think that 
improved the clarify compared to describing it by words

this is how that is rendered in the documentation

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3264637/116707916-7b7c4c00-a9cf-11eb-902f-c8aee573ee99.png)

please let me know if it is ok to include the figure in ``deploy/images`` (i added that folder) in some other places figures
are directly included from github rather than from files stores in the repo.

Author: ok, if you are ok with the image i can send a PR there.

Author: https://github.com/tlc-pack/web-data/pull/5

Author: thank you @tqchen  for merging https://github.com/tlc-pack/web-data/pull/5 
i updated the url, the doc build looks good locally.

the runtime library should not be confused with cross compiling models
for embedded devices.

If you want to include additional runtime such as OpenCL,
you can modify ``config.cmake`` to enable these options.
After you get the TVM runtime library, you can link the compiled library

Cross compile the TVM runtime for other architectures
-----------------------------------------------------

In the example :ref:`above <build-tvm-runtime-on-target-device>` the runtime library was 

> compiled on a raspberry pi. Producing the runtime library can be done much faster on 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
compiled on a Raspberry Pi. Producing the runtime library can be done much faster on 
```

Author: done, tnx

> hosts that have beefy processors (such as laptops, workstation) instead of target

Reviewer: I would avoid using jargon like "beefy" and prefer phrases like "higher performance".

> devices such as a raspberry pi. In-order to cross compile the runtime the toolchain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
devices such as a Raspberry Pi. In-order to cross compile the runtime, the toolchain
```

Author: done

> for the target device must be installed. After installing the correct toolchain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for the target device must be installed. After installing the correct toolchain,
```

Author: done

> the main difference compared to compiling natively is to pass a bunch of command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the main difference compared to compiling natively is to pass some additional command
```

Author: done

> line argument to cmake that specify the compiler(s) to be used. For reference

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
line argument to cmake that specify a toolchain to be used. For reference,
```

Author: done

building the TVM runtime library on a modern laptop (using 8 threads) for ``aarch64``

> takes around 20 seconds vs ~10 min to build the runtime on a raspberry pi 4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
takes around 20 seconds vs ~10 min to build the runtime on a Raspberry Pi 4.
```

        -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH=/usr/aarch64-linux-gnu \
        -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_PROGRAM=NEVER \
        -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_LIBRARY=ONLY \
        -DMACHINE_NAME=aarch64-linux-gnu 

    make -j$(nproc) runtime

For bare metal ARM devices the following toolchain is quite handy to install instead of gcc-aarch64-linux-*

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo apt-get install gcc-multilib-arm-linux-gnueabihf g++-multilib-arm-linux-gnueabihf

cross-compile for RISC-V
"""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo apt-get update
   sudo apt-get install gcc-riscv64-linux-gnu g++-riscv64-linux-gnu

.. code-block:: bash

    cmake .. \
        -DCMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME=Linux \
        -DCMAKE_SYSTEM_VERSION=1 \
        -DCMAKE_C_COMPILER=/usr/bin/riscv64-linux-gnu-gcc \
        -DCMAKE_CXX_COMPILER=/usr/bin/riscv64-linux-gnu-g++ \
        -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH=/usr/riscv64-linux-gnu \
        -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_PROGRAM=NEVER \
        -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_LIBRARY=ONLY \
        -DMACHINE_NAME=riscv64-linux-gnu 

    make -j$(nproc) runtime

The ``file`` command can be used to query the architecture of the produced runtime.

.. code-block:: bash

>    file file libtvm_runtime.so

Reviewer 2: Is `file file` here intentional?

Author: fixed

    cmake ..
    make runtime

Note that we type ``make runtime`` to only build the runtime library.

It is also possible to cross compile the runtime. Cross compiling
the runtime library should not be confused with cross compiling models
for embedded devices.

If you want to include additional runtime such as OpenCL,
you can modify ``config.cmake`` to enable these options.
After you get the TVM runtime library, you can link the compiled library

Cross compiling a TVM model should not be confused with cross compiling the runtime

> shared library. 

Reviewer: Duplicated wording
